The C R M is the single place where every person, property, deal and conversation in the business is recorded. If it is not in here, it did not happen.
All four businesses run inside it. ASAP Lending, H2M, the licensed team and transaction coordination share one system rather than four. The screens and the buttons are identical across all of them.
This is your dashboard. It is the screen you land on every time you sign in, and its job is to answer one question before you have to ask it. What needs me today.
It is not a summary of the business and it is not a report. It is a worklist, arranged in the order you should deal with things.
At the top sits Needs attention. It holds two kinds of item. Tasks that are past their due date, and deals that have not moved in a while.
The second kind matters more than it looks. A deal that has stopped moving is the most common way money is lost, and it never announces itself. Nobody calls to say they have gone cold.
Each row tells you the client, what is wrong, which business it belongs to, and whose deal it is. Every row has a button, so you can act without leaving the page.
Below that are your counters. Appointments in the next seven days. Closings this month. Active deals, with how many opened this month. Active properties. And revenue month to date against pace.
These are live. They move as you work, so they are meant to be glanced at several times a day rather than studied once a week.
Further down is a panel for multi product clients. These are people buying from more than one of our businesses at the same time.
They get their own panel because those relationships are the hardest to win and the most expensive to lose. A bad experience on any one deal puts all of them at risk.
Down the left is the rail. It is how you get everywhere, and it is grouped by business.
You only see the businesses you work. Underneath them is a shared section that everyone has. Contacts, properties, calendar, communications, reports, commissions, follow ups and settings.
If a whole section seems to be missing, that is almost always your access rather than a fault. Your seat controls which pipelines appear, and an owner can change it.
Along the top right are the quick add buttons. A contact, a deal, an appointment or a logged call can be started from any screen, so you can capture something mid call without losing your place.
Finally, settings. You have one login for everything. You sign in once through the Business Suite and that carries you into the C R M, the document hub, training and inventory.
If you cannot get in, reset your password from the Business Suite sign in screen rather than from inside an app.